More docs and samples (#17)
jasnell/piscina: README.md

* ✔ Covers both fixed-task and variable-task scenarios
* ✔ Supports flexible pool sizes
* ✔ Proper async tracking integration
* ✔ Tracking statistics for run and wait times
* ✔ Cancelation Support

[MIT Licensed][].

## Introduction

Piscina works by creating a pool of Node.js Worker Threads to which
one or more tasks may be dispatched. Each worker thread executes a
single exported function defined in a separate file. Whenever a
task is dispatched to a worker, the worker invokes the exported
function and reports the return value back to Piscina when the
function completes.

> ## Current Limitations (Things we're working on / would love help with)

Reviewer: Can we avoid putting this before the example? I feel somewhat strongly about an introductory example being one of the very first things in a README :)

Author: Missed these :-) ... will make these edits now

Provides the current version of this library as a semver string.

## Performance Notes

Workers are generally optimized for offloading synchronous,
compute-intensive operations off the main Node.js event loop thread.
While it is possible to perform asynchronous operations and I/O
within a Worker, the performance advantages of doing so will be
minimal.

> Specifically, it is worth noting that asynchronous file system,
> network, and crypto operations within Node.js are already serviced
> by a thread pool at the libuv level, and that all Worker Threads
> created within a Node.js process share the same libuv thread pool.
> This means that there will be little performance impact on moving
> such async operations into a Piscina worker (see examples/scrypt
> for example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, it is worth noting that asynchronous operations within Node.js,
including I/O such as file system operations or CPU-bound tasks such as 
crypto operations or compression algorithms, are already performed in
parallel by Node.js and libuv on a per-process level.
This means that there will be little performance impact on moving
such async operations into a Piscina worker (see examples/scrypt
for example).
```
